--QuakeSharp map loader--

A quick note before these comments - my goal was never to have to hardcode things for certain shaders. I want a generic q3 to glsl shader conversion system. For example for the beams mentioned below I could probably
hardcode something to make them look better but that would be annoying and only work in one case. All the work I've done so far has stressed generic solutions that will work across the q3 shaders.
For example my system can handle x amount of q3 shader stages, rgbgens and waveforms without any customizing. But there are still hardcodes for certain kinds of q3 map objects. 

Q3 SHADER COMMENTS

Skies - Aren't implemented fully. They just scroll and and the texture repeats

Deform vertexes - is not implemented(flags, lava deforming) - autosprite does not work for example in the wall lady model on dm4. the orb looks nice but it doesn't rotate for your viewing angle.

Tcmod turb - doesn't work quite right. in q3 it makes the texture seem to swirl in a circle. in my game it's more of a high sine wave. 

TGA that should be JPG problem - textures like flames which were probably tga originally and had transparency don't look exactly like they do in q3. They are jpg, no alpha channel, so I'm creating 
alpha by sampling the rgb values. This works to some degree. 

Another issue with flames is that the two faces that make each flame up often occlude each other. I guess this is because both of them are transparent and I don't order the faces based on cam position. Not sure
how to fix but it looks pretty bad sometimes. Do you have to sort based on cam position?

Tcgen environment - in my game something is wrong but it it works enough to be passable. For example on the screens in dm0 in q3, when you move around it changes more and you see more of the
underlying texture. In my game it changes based on your position, but not in the same way as q3. Maybe my vertex normals are wrong in some cases. Tcgen seems to work better when the faces
are on the floor and ceiling.

Alphagen also does not work right - it doesn't blend the changes as well as in q3. For an extreme example see the ceiling in dm5.

The upper flickering lights in dm0(proto_light_2k) - these don't work right. they have two triangle wave textures that create a flicker effect in q3. but the brightness seems too high and looks too high in my
game.

Beams - these are an example of tga jpg problem I think. these are jpgs and have a lot of black on the bottom. in q3 this appears as white light. How? I have no idea yet. In my game it works somewhat
because the top of the beam has some gray color that looks like light.

kmlamps - the two lamps in dm0 don't look right in my game. I think this is because of the tcgen problem and the tga jpg transparency problem

The portal_sfx in dm0 rotates back and forth .1 each second or so. This is not documented in the shader manual but I could make it work. It's not working in my game at this time.

Currently I don't do anything with the surfaceparms that indicate something is non-solid. I determine whether to collide with something on my own. I should use the shader params for this instead. It would
save me on collision detection cost and be better overall.

TCMOD transform is not supported yet.

WATER : my first encounter with water was in dm2. i tried to make it look like in q3. it's pretty good and would look better with deform verts and tcmod transform implemented.

I seem to have broke something with the console in dm0. It now looks too dark all the time. Revisit.

surfacelight - i don't do anything with this. i might be able to make the final outputColor of shaders with this brighter based on this value. it's not going to brighten areas around it but it would help

water - the initial color for water shaders is set by me based on what it should look like in q3. i can't see where im supposed to source this from. also when under a water texture, if you look up at lights
they dissappear. see brimstone abbey. this must be some rendering order issue. im not fixing this right now. moving on to more levels.

Mesh errors from bsp to vrml conversion:
1. tongue in dm1 has a little section missing
2. one arc in camping grounds has two straight sections instead of arcs. can see through bottom of this.

--- Note ---
Things not mentioned above can be safely assumed to be working well enough

